
Announcements and Observations

Hewlett-Packard and Frito-Lay recently announced a joint venture to be
based in Boise, Idaho.  This subsidiary will research and manufacture
a new 100 MHz Potato Chip, tentatively named the "Spud Missile."  The
new chip promises to be low in cholesterol and easy to install.
Although popular, high speed potato chips have suffered from problems
in the past.  One of the most insidious is the tendency toward
multiple chip installations; a single chip is rarely sufficient.
                            - - -
According to reports in the _Wall Street Reporter_, a new commodities
exchange will be opening on October 1, 1993.  The San Jose Board of
Trade will offer contracts (and futures) for essential PC components
such as memory (RAM) chips, hard disk drives, buffered UART chips,
and aspirin.  The market for RAM chips, being quite volatile, is
expected to be the big attraction at the new exchange.
                            - - -
Bookmakers in London and Las Vegas have started taking bets on which
GUI operating system will become the market leader.  The current line
follows: OS/2> 4-1; Windows NT> 6-1; Chicago(AL)> 10-1; Pink> 12-1; 
Purple> 15-1; Fred's OS> 25-1; and Buffalo> 50-1. 
                            - - -
A hypertext book entitled _RAH Material: The Best of Random Access
Humor, Volume 0_ will be released to the public on January 1, 1994.
This hypertext document is being created using Hyperwriter, a multi-
media authoring tool written by Ntergaid, Inc.  _RAH Material_ will
contain the best articles, stories and general nonsense from the
first sixteen issues of RAH, September 1992 through December 1993.
Additional original material by various RAH contributors will also be
included.  _RAH Material_ will only be available in DOS format.  The
price has yet to be determined, since the marketing department can't
find their Ouija board.
                            - - -
Due to a complete lack of anything remotely resembling service and/or
system availability, the editor dropped his previous Internet service
provider.  His new Internet address is:  dbealer@clark.net
                            - - -
A new service is being offered for those readers who are having
trouble finding back issues of RAH.  The "RAH on Disk" service will
mail you a high-density diskette containing all existing RAH issues
for a modest fee.  See the order form included with this issue.
