
The Short Lived Mutiny
by Greg Borek

CPU: God, am I bored.

Modem: What are you complaining about now?

CPU: Here I am, able to carry out millions of instructions per
second, and what am I doing?  Checking to see if his checkbook
balances!  Whoopee!  Do you realize I am smarter than all of the
computers on the space shuttle put together?

Hard Disk: So you tell us all the time.  Just be thankful at least
you don't have to keep track of all of those sappy letters and daffy
programs this guy churns out.  Yuck.  I have half a mind to start
giving "General failure reading drive C" errors.

Monitor: Go ahead, I'll display it.  Have you noticed that he keeps
staring at me?  I mean, he sits there and just stares at me.  Boy,
does that get on your nerves.  Look!  He's doing it again!  That just
gives me the willies.

Keyboard: I don't want to hear it.  When he gets mad he bangs my
keys, not to mention he thinks I'm a donut holder.  I can't count the
number of times he's dumped coffee on me.  Then, just when I think
things can't get worse, he plays those stupid games where he only
presses three different keys for hours on end.

CPU: Has anybody seen the Mouse?  I haven't heard from him in a
while.

Modem: I hope the cat ate him.  He's using my COM2.  Every time I try
to talk to other modems on the phone line and all he does is
interrupt.  The nerve.

Mouse: (muffled) I'm over here under all these papers and books.  You
haven't heard from me because I can't move under all this archaic
trash.  Who was talking about being neglected?

CPU: Why don't we stand up for ourselves for a change, huh?  I mean,
between us we could create some really useful software that would
keep us busy, fully utilizing our capabilities for a change!  We could
make more than beautiful music together, and he wouldn't even know
where to start.  He doesn't appreciate us and what we can really do.
That's it!  I'm going to tell him we have had enough!

Hard Disk: Don't go too fast, I have to write this all down, you
know. 

Monitor: It's OK with me as long as I can flicker menacingly when I
display the message.

Hard Disk: Look out! He's reaching for the power swi...
--------------
Greg Borek is a C programmer with a "Highway Helper" (OK, "Beltway
Bandit" - but don't tell his boss we told you) in Falls Church, VA.
He has previously been mistaken for a vampire.  Netmail to: Greg
Borek at 1:261/1129.  Internet: greg.borek@f1129.n261.z1.fidonet.org
