
A Public Service Announcement
by Ray Koziel

        Attention all Sysops and System Administrators!

Recent surveys indicate a surge in the number of Brain Dead Users
(BDUs) in society.  Due to the rapid advancements in technology,
especially in the computer industry, many individuals are unable to
keep up and handle newer technologies.  This results in the growing
population of BDUs.

As a sysop or systems administrator, it is important that you prevent
yourself from becoming overwhelmed by the endless stream of questions
which BDUs throw at you.  They have an uncanny knack of taking up all
of your time with trivial details that kill productivity.  You should
know when you are confronted by a BDU.  Some signs include but are
not limited to: 

     o Searches frantically for the "any key"
     o Thinks FidoNet is something a dogcatcher uses
     o Looks for "reverse" when trying to back up the hard drive
     o Wonders why the mouse does not work while waving it around 
        in the air in front of the monitor
     o Asks what kind of insurance is available for disk crashes
     o Takes the PC to a doctor because it has a virus

If at any time you feel you are confronted by a BDU, terminate
contact as soon as possible!  One easy way is to tell the person that
he or she has reached the wrong extension and that you will transfer
the call.  Then, transfer the call to the jerk in the second cubicle
down whom you despise more than anything and let him deal with it.

This has been a public service announcement from the Association for
the Preservation of Personal Sanity.                            {RAH}
--------------
Ray Koziel is a systems programmer (C++ and Pascal) for Blue Cross
Blue Shield of IL's EMC-Net, a private bulletin board used for
electronic submission of insurance claims.  Living in Chicago with a
wife, a new baby boy and two dogs, Ray has found RAH helpful in
keeping his insanity.  FidoNet:  1:115/542 (The Loonatic Fringe BBS)
