
Full Contact Aerobics, Japanese Style
by Dave Bealer

In August I attended a Japanese martial arts exhibition in Annapolis,
Maryland.  Two master teachers were flown in and demonstrated Iaido,
Jodo, kusarigama and several other martial arts that are rarely seen
outside Japan.

Japanese martial arts are a refreshing change from the stuff you
usually see in those cheesy dubbed movies they show on Saturday 
afternoons, or in local demonstrations on cable television.  During a
two hour exhibition not one brick was broken, and not a single two by
four was smashed into splinters.

Iaido, the art of drawing the sword, is fascinating.  The watercolors
are quite nice, but I prefer oils or charcoals for drawing the sword. 
They don't call these folks artists for nothing.  Jodo, the way of
the stick, is equally intriguing.  Jodo is an excellent self-defense
skill to have, especially for those who spend a lot of time in rowdy
billiard parlors.

The most interesting weapon demonstrated was the kusarigama.  The
real McCoy is a deadly bladed weapon, but the practice model looks
like a coat hanger with a single bola attached to it with a ten foot
piece of string.  Believe it or not, this weapon is designed for use
against opponents armed with swords.  The basic idea is to immobilize
the sword with either the coat hanger or the bola on a string, then
smack the opponent with the remaining part of the weapon.

Most of the techniques were demonstrated in slow motion, but
occasionally the masters put on a blinding burst of speed.  We're not
talking Roadrunner-like speed, but impressive quickness, nonetheless.
All in all, I'd say that Japanese martial arts make the most sense
for people who aren't normally attacked by bricks or two by fours.

After the exhibition I had the honor of meeting the senior teacher, 
Sensei Kenji Suzuki, who thought I was an American sumo wrestler.
This is completely untrue.  Although I may well be heavy enough to be
a sumo wrestler, I have not worn a diaper in over thirty years.  So
what exactly is my interest in martial arts?  Well, I do have a black
belt in haiku.                                                  {RAH}
