--- Tagline Seen Around the Nets

Virus detected!  P)our chicken soup on motherboard?

Frisbyterian: when you die, your soul goes up on the roof.

I'm leaving my body to science fiction.

If Americans have TagLines, do the English have TagQueues?

Bioengineers wear designer genes.

Capt'n!  The spellchecker kinna take this abuse!

Is that Pee Wee Herman in the Barney suit?

Eye of newt, toe of frog, and a side of fries, please.

It was the best of lines, it was the worst of lines.

When you're over the hill, you pick up speed.

Get thee down.  Be thou funky.

I must have a rapier wit; everyone keeps parrying.

If this isn't war, why is CNN massing on the border?

Morning after pill for men - it changes your blood type.

Me and my two friends... GIF and Wesson.

Hand me that dolphin burger.  Yeah, the one in styrofoam.

I'm not a sysop, I just play one on the echoes.

BREAKFAST.COM halted... cereal port not responding!

Never take a beer to a job interview.

Old is needing a fire permit for your birthday cake.

Does the Enterprise printer use a Queue Continuum?

Guess what I made for dinner?  Reservations!

CCITT - Can't Conceive Intelligent Thoughts Today

The buck doesn't even slow down here.

I never metaphysics I didn't like.

Hydrogen bombs make great party gags!

Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.

Microsoft Windows - proof that P.T. Barnum was correct.

Warning: drinking water may kill your thirst!

Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint him.

You could have knocked me over with a fender.

C:\BELFRY is where I keep my .BAT files.

The good lord willing and the board don't crash.

You go Uruguay, I'll go mine.

Please return stewardess to original upright position.

Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.

I have a black belt in haiku.

Looking for a good time?  Call Troi at 1-900-NCC-1701

Brain damage?  No thanks, I already have some.

Frog philosophy: Time's fun when you're having flies!

ASCII to a ASCII, DOS to DOS.

I'm as confused as a baby in a topless bar.

Dances With Wolves - the theme of our senior prom.

We're sorry, but reality is not in service at this time.

"Mr. Worf, scan that ship."  "Aye, Captain... 300 DPI?

Not a real tagline, but an incredible soy substitute.

Okay, I pulled the pin.  Now what?  Where are you going?

Live long and suffer  - ancient Vulcan curse.
