phyleshare! by wzd
------------------

When I started writing this code I wanted to write a useful little personal
mailing list appy for Outlook, but as it turns out, Outlook doesn't allow you
to see the 'from' address of messages in the inbox thru OLE, which, btw, wins
this month's completely retarded 'security feature' of the month title, and
caused me to write this k-le3t0 h4qr w4r3z app insted.. (using Reply() ;p)

[I later found out that if you want to see source addresses of messages, you
 have to use MAPI directly instead of Outlook, but fuq that now nehoow..]

How it works
------------
Just edit process.pl and set the directory you want to share and the keyword
you want to use, ie. 'w4r3z', and run the script whenever u want it to
process file requests.. People can then e-mail you with subject: 'w4r3z' and
it will send them back a list of shared files and subdirectories. They can
then send 'w4r3z 0d4y.c' or 'w4r3z spl0itz\h4qr.c' to recieve those files as
attachments ('w4r3z spl0itz' to list contents of that directory).

Obviously to use this you will need ActivePerl and any version of Outlook.

By default this code will look in your Inbox, so if you want it to work
properly (ie. faster), I suggest you create a special folder for these
requests and create a rule in Outlook to move all messages containing your
keyword to this directory and then change Line 8 of process.pl:

$inbox = $ns->GetDefaultFolder(6);

To $inbox = $ns->Folders("Personal Folders")->("w4r3z"); or wotevr..

..Alternatively you can use Outlook for your k-r4d w4r3z emale account only,
  to achieve the same speed.. ;p

Run cleanup.pl directly after process.pl to remove all file requests from your
Inbox if you desire.. Once again, it defaults to the Inbox and if you want it
to read from another folder you will have to set it explicitly on Line 15. You
will also have to change $keyword to the keyword you are using.. This script
will remove everything with a Subject line beginning with your keyword, so try
to choose an uncommon one if you intend on using it.. ;p

Have fun..
wzd@effkay