
                                          CONTACT: Ron Albright

                                 Digital Publishing Association
                                              1160 Huffman Road
                                           Birmingham, AL 35215
                                          Voice: (205) 856-9510
                                            FAX: (205) 853-8478



            PRESS NOTICE: For Immediate Release

DPA ANNOUNCES WINNERS OF THE SECOND ANNUAL "DIGITAL QUILL" AWARDS

Birmingham, Alabama - November 15, 1993: The Digital Publishing
Association, the first and only trade organization for the
electronic publishing industry, today announced the winners of
the Second Annual "Digital Quill" Awards for Excellence in
Electronic Publishing.

The Quill Award competition, originating in 1992, was open to
all authors and publishers, regardless of DPA membership status.
The only requirement was that the materials submitted for
judging must have been previously published in electronic
format. Submitted materials must have either been uploaded to an
online system or distributed on disk for reading by computer as
digital materials.

In making the announcement, Ron Albright, President of the DPA,
said "This volume and quantity of this year's entries clearly
show that digital publishing is 'alive and well' at the
grassroots level. While the industry press shows that the "big
players" are just sticking their toes in the electronic
publishing waters, the grassroots authors and publishers are
already swimming about in the waters. This year's Quill entries
were an amazing array of quality works that are pushing
'paperless publishing' to the limit of their imagination and
skills. It is clear to the DPA that 1993 was a 'breakthrough'
year for digital publishing and that the industry is poised to
take off in the next 12 months." The Quill Awards are awarded
during the DPA's annual November "Digital Publishing Month"
activities. Additional activities are planned during the month
to publicize the electronic publishing industry to both the
computer and literary consumer.

The winners for the existing categories are as follows:

Serial Publication - a weekly, monthly or otherwise
regularly-scheduled publication that has been issued for at
least 6 months (or at least 3 editions) available prior to July,
1993. This category included both fiction and non-fiction
magazines and newsletters.

First Place - Ruby's Pearls (Del Freeman, Editor)
Second Place - WonderDisk (Walter Gammons, Editor)
Third Place (TIE) - Smoke & Mirrors (Lucia Chambers, Editor)
                    Random Access Humor (Dave Bealer, Editor)

Fiction Book - an original fiction work. Minimum: 30,000 words.

First Place - Vamp! (Larry Blasko)
Second Place - The Angel of Death (Bruce Gilkin; FloppyBack)
Third Place - Eternal Man (Vernon Davis)

Non-Fiction Book - an original non-fiction book in digital
format. Length: 35,000 words minimum.

First Place - Civil War Computer Archive (Bob Patterson)
Second Place - Prism Guide (Gary Smith)
Third Place - Financial Survival (Vernon Davis)

Publishing software - a software program (Shareware or
traditionally marketed) designed for publishing text and/or
graphics and facilitating their distribution and viewing.
Nominations will be accepted from users as well as original
authors.

First Place - DART (Ted Husted)
Second Place - ReadRoom (Michael Gibbs; Exhibit A Communications)
Third Place (Tie) - Orpheus (Rod Willmot)
                    HyperRead Generator (David Leithauser)

Miscellaneous - a niche to encompass poetry, graphic collections,
comics, CD-ROM and other publications outside the standard
categories.

First Place: NEWSBYTES Archives (Newsbytes Staff; CD-ROM)
Second Place: "It All Comes Does to ___" (Robert Kendall)
Third Place: "Mack the Mouse" (Don Lokke)

Announcement of the winners for the "Short Story" category
(featuring a single original story appearing either alone or as
part of an anthology or magazine and published in digital
format) will be delayed due to the complicated judging involved
in evaluating the nearly fifty entries in this category.
