The Twit Filter: Network Purists
by Dave Bealer

Millions of people communicate through amateur e-mail networks every
day.  As many as 9000 people make their first call to a BBS each day.
Eager to get the most out of their new toy, these users are happy to
explore any board, any network they can find.  The same cannot be
said for many old timers.

There are veteran users out there who are content with the network
they have been using for years.  They have no interest in the newer
networks.  There is certainly nothing wrong with this.  The problem
stems from certain veterans who take things one step further.  

These "network purists" believe that not only is the network they
have been using for years the best, they believe that anyone who
belongs to an "other" network is inferior, or even non-existent.

The most common form of network purist is the FidoNet Purist 
(Fidoneticus Ludicrus).  This species believes that FidoNet, the
world's oldest and largest amateur e-mail network is still the only
amateur e-mail network.  Their belief is that anyone who is not in 
FidoNet is not online.  This species would rather write 75 messages
in a FidoNet echo complaining that someone who they need to contact
online is not in the nodelist, rather than make one 5 minute local 
phone call to logon a board where the person in question can be
reached. 

In extreme cases where it is important to the purist's interests to
actually contact the other person, the Fido purist will offer to "set
the unbeliever up with a mailer."  This offer is rarely accepted,
since most FidoNet technology mailers appear to have been designed by
the Spanish Inquisition. 

The best way to deal with network purists is to place them in your
twit filter.  Don't worry, these characters won't bother you for
long.  As technology advances, these pitiful specimens will be left
clinging to their ancient packet formats, flaming each other to their
hearts' content.  They deserve each other.                      {RAH}
