--- Taglines Seen Around the Nets

What if there were no hypothetical situations?

Never, EVER trust a draft dodger....

Well, isn't that S P E C I A L!

Could it be.......... S  A  T  A  N  ?

A crate of UZI's, a carton of whiskey...lets go to Disneyland!

Cream rises to the top......but then, so does scum...

To be or not to be, those are the parameters.

The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow.

Time is natures way of keeping everything from happening at once.

Kiss me twice, we're schizophrenic.

There are no facts, only interpretations.

Men are most apt to believe what they least understand.

Logic is neither an art or a science but a dodge.

What may be, may not be.

AAAAAA - American Association Against Acronym Abuse Anonymous

Seems just like yesterday . . . Hey!  It was!

If you can't beat your computer at chess, try kickboxing.

Do ROFLS have ridges?

Just don't let Kirk show you what he calls "The Captain's Log."

A fate worse than death: to be married alive.

Few problems cannot be solved by proper application of high explosives.

"Is that seat saved?"  "No, but we're praying for it."

The weather is here, wish you were beautiful.

CPE1704TKS  "The only winning move is not to play." - Joshua

I am Zsa Zsa of Borg.  Prepare to be assimilated dahling.

Been there, done that, bought the T-shirt.

We must believe in free will.  We have no choice.

It's mind over matter - it you don't mind, it don't matter.

If J. Paul Getty opened a health resort, would it be a Spa-Getty?

Sits he on ever so high a throne, a man still sits on his bottom.

Finish your mail packet!  Children are offline in India.

If I buy the steel wool, can you knit me a Porsche?

To iterate is human; to recurse, divine.

(bits of ice striking hull)  "Captain, we're being hailed."

Diarrhea is hereditary; it runs in your genes.

Inconceivable!    - Vizzini

Barney is a velociraptor.

Take time to smell the roses and eventually you'll inhale a bee.

I think I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.

Please hold, a representative will annoy you shortly.

Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.

Do you like me for my brain or my baud?

If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0

Millihelen: amount of beauty required to launch one ship.

One good turn gets all the blankets.

Never violate the Prime Directory!  C:\

'Cause I'm a Borg, yea, yea, yea.

Alright, who's been cooking hot dogs in the warp nacelles?

Blonde Klingons: because it was a good day to dye.

This starship brakes for black holes.

And Adam asked, "What's a headache?"

If I put water in my dog's mouth, will bells ring?

Wicked Witch Parking Only - Violators will be toad.

They mean to win Wimbledon!
