
Random Access Humor Masthead:

Editor & Publisher: Dave Bealer

Associate Editor: Greg Borek

Contributing Editors: Ray Koziel

Logo Design: Kelly Price

Contact:  The Puffin's Nest BBS
          FidoNet: 1:261/1129  (1200-14400/V.32bis)
          BBS: (410) 437-3463  (1200-16800/HST)
          Internet: dave.bealer@rah.clark.net
                    greg.borek@rah.clark.net

Regular Mail: (Only if you have no other way to reach us!)
               Random Access Humor
               c/o Dave Bealer
               P.O. Box 595
	       Pasadena, MD. 21122  USA

                      >> Legal Junk <<

Random Access Humor (RAH) is published ten times a year (September -
June) by Dave Bealer as a disservice to the online community.  
Although the publisher's BBS may be a part of one or more networks at
any time, RAH is not affiliated with any BBS network or online
service.  RAH is a compilation of individual articles contributed by 
their authors.  The contribution of articles to this compilation does
not diminish the rights of the authors.  The opinions expressed in
RAH are those of the authors and are not necessarily those of the
publisher.

This entire publication is a work of satire (except for these legal
bits here).  If anyone takes offense to something published herein,
the fault (a lack of a sense of humor) lies with them and not with 
the magazine.  The editors and publisher will not be held responsible
for the use or misuse of any information contained in this magazine.

Random Access Humor is Copyright 1994 Dave Bealer.  All Rights 
Reserved.  Duplication and/or distribution is permitted for non-
commercial purposes only.  RAH may not be distributed on diskette or 
in hardcopy form for a fee without express written permission from the 
publisher.  For any other use, contact the publisher.

RAH may only be distributed in unaltered form.  Online systems whose
users cannot access the original binary archive file may offer it for 
viewing or download in text format, provided the original text is not
modified.  Readers may produce hard copies of RAH or backup copies on
diskette for their own personal use only.  RAH may not be distributed
in combination with any other publication or product.

Many of the brands and products mentioned in RAH are trademarks of
their respective owners.

                    >> Where to Get RAH <<

Copies of the current issue of RAH may be obtained by manual download
or Wazoo/EMSI File Request from The Puffin's Nest BBS (FREQ: RAH), or
from various sites in several BBS networks.  Back issues of RAH may
be obtained by download or file request from The Puffin's Nest BBS.

Internet users may obtain RAH back issues as UUENCODED files attached
to e-mail.  Free subscriptions are also available via mailing lists.
For more info, send an e-mail message to: rahinfo@rah.clark.net 
The subject line and body can contain anything or be blank.

RAH is also available on the Internet via FTP:

  etext.archive.umich.edu  (192.131.22.7)  dir: /pub/Zines/RAH
         (ASCII Text edition compressed with gzip)

  ftp.clark.net  (198.17.243.2)  dir: /ftp/pub/rah
         (ASCII Text edition uncompressed - RAHyymm.TXT)
         (ASCII Text edition compressed with ZIP - RAHyymm.ZIP)
         (READROOM.TOC edition compressed with ZIP - RAHyymmR.ZIP)

                     >> Writing For RAH <<

Article contributions to RAH are always welcome.  All submissions
must be made electronically.  File attach your article to a netmail
message to Dave Bealer at 1:261/1129.  E-mail (with file attaches)
may also be sent via Internet to: dave.bealer@rah.clark.net

Tagline and filler submissions may be made via e-mail.  Article
submissions should be made via file.  Submitted files must be plain
ASCII text files in normal MS-DOS file format: artname.RAH; where
artname is a descriptive file name and RAH is the mandatory 
extension.  If your article does not conform to these simple specs,
it may get lost or trashed.  Also note that such imaginative names as
RAH.RAH might get overlaid by the blatherings of similarly minded
contributors.  If your hardware is incapable of producing file names
in the proper format, you may send your article as one or more e-mail
messages.  As the volume of mail increases it may not be possible to
make personalized responses to all submissions or correspondence
received. 

The editors reserve the right to publish or not to publish any
submission as/when they see fit.  The editors also reserve the right
to "edit", or modify any submission prior to publication.  This last
right will rarely be used, typically only to correct spelling or
grammar misteaks that are not funny.  RAH is a PG rated publication,
so keep it (mostly) clean.

RAH can accept only the following types of material for publication:
1) Any material in the public domain.
2) Material for which you own the copyright, or represent the copy-
   right holder.  If you wrote it yourself, you are automatically the
   copyright holder. 

In writing jargon, RAH is deemed to be given "One Time Rights" to
anything submitted for publication unless otherwise noted in the
message accompanying the contribution.  You still own the material,
and RAH will make no use of the material other than publishing it
electronically in the usual manner.  Your article may be selected for
publication in a planned "Best of RAH" electronic book.  If you want
your copyright notice to appear in your article, place it as desired
in the text you submit.  Previously published articles may be
submitted, but proper acknowledgement must be included: periodical
name, date of previous publication.

